Hello and welcome to India's got
latent unnecessary show there is no point in this show
just like life so wild
show it's a point just reality show but it has a
very interesting point system
people from every corner of india are seeing this show  Those who will
come to show their talent will have only
90 seconds to show their talent
but before showing their talent they will have to
give themselves a score out of 10.
After showing their talent our judges will also give them a score
and if the average score of the judges comes
out to be the same  The participant who gave himself the promise
before performing will
win the show and
all the money from the ticket sales of that day's show will be his.
Yes, through this show we will get to know
who is how self-aware and how capable the participants of this show are.
from this we will know who is how unemployed
so just start
[music]
welcome to India good let's
start the
show so mess panel of the night Balraj e Nishant
Nawar Sonali Thakkar e Vipul
[praise]
gayal let's go aa vo  The
papa, this is baba,
once again big applause for our panel, friend,
come
on Vipul Bhai, thank you so much for taking
time from your old age
home, Vipul Bhai, how are you feeling today, brother,
very good friend, applause for the first time, you
created such a good property  hey it was fun
brother and this is how I came to know that brother your
property has become so popular I
went to the bar 10 days back to get a
haircut and he is taunting me that friend
when will you come late is time your friend or do you
keep lying  Ho bhai, cut your hair quietly, friend,
you only have 90 seconds
[laughs],
then we will have Nishant Anwar his second
appearance on the
show because all the good comics are on tour,
Nishant bhai, what is going on nowadays, very very
cool, what happened lately  I have kept it, I also went
to my
barber, so he asked why have you come, he also
threw you out, why does every person throw you out,
brother, shut up B
and know Balraj is the producer, he was the
organizer earlier, Balraj Bhai, you have been
shooting for a month  yes now it is  House wife,
tell me for the last four months, are you able to give time to your wife at home
or what not brother, I mean, if I
gave time at home, then we had
two kids, brother, you need latex not latent,
everyone got started, I enjoyed it, it was a condom joke to
burst  he had
written this brother properly ready ready is
today next page bony ho gayi yaar next
page suni thakar is a comic and she has been
doing comedy for 11 years also the only
female friend someone has age of now yes after
the
roast so thank you  You are so much for joining our
guys we have a spun
today make some fun of pop upi guys pop
upi if you don't
know its great because that gives me opportunity to tell
you then pop upi is a upi through which
you can do transactions and you get
pop  Coins end returns of every
transaction you do and by taking this pop coin
you can do shopping and
buy many beauty products  You
can buy fashion products, you can buy a lot of things
and also today's winner will
not get your ticket sales, [ __ ] that money,
he will get a cash prize of ₹ 1 lakh from Pop UPI,
what yes but a strong cheer for our Pop
UPI  Yaar are we ready to start
India is got
latent so make some noise for the first act
big applause for Sharan verma
bro hi hi I am very new to comedy
and I was in Delhi last week at one of
ten open mics and my set  A
boy stands in the middle and says, did you want to laugh? So,
like, yes, I have not come here to offer a cow, but it
generally made me happy,
because they are taking consent from somewhere
[Music]
People, but my name is Sharan and there are no guesses.  Very I
am
from very close Bihar
[Prashansa]
but I have been named Sharan.
In Bihar only three people can say this -
mom, dad and
[Prashansa]
for everyone else I
am Saran. You know Bihar is advanced, there is
no pattern test there. If you want to study in Bihar, then you can study in that state.  No  If you are
able to speak and your child is speaking
[laughs]
then sit just gut
[appreciation]
real and I just wanna say that Biharis are the
biggest fans of consent there is consent in their every line
it can be anything fam
two kilos of milk while coming home  We will bring it, okay then we will
enter the house and shoot you, okay,
you guys have laughed for now, otherwise I would have
said that you should laugh, okay, thank you so much
for so good, what a thing, Sharan Verma, very
good, this is not your first time clearly.
No, for how long have you been doing this? Five
months? Oh
wow, you are really from Bihar. Yes,
you do comedy there and there.
No, where do you live now?
Bund let's go and or it says you are a weak
independent woman or what does that?  I mean
I am not able to become a strong independent woman
[laughs]
because I did not have generational wealth,
so I had to become independent and
I am just at that point where I
can be dependent on any point
[appreciation], I
mean you have to depend on it a little bit  peter will be in
bihar  I am from
head quarters
I have watched Sharan perform and she has done an
amazing job in each and every show so I was
confident that she was going to kill me even today
so I am so glad that I was to watch
you have said over rat  You have a yard laugh or
can you demean please if
you joke it says you are a decent bargainer so
even by staying in a beer you are saving your money my
friend yes actually if I am getting some thing in Haj
then I can get it after a lot of effort  If I
buy it for Rs.990 then it will be
good. I am
optimistic or I am very
optimist, I am here but you are great friend, you are so
good and there is weakness, you cry at
criticism, if it had happened then I would have been
breaking down.  But friend, if you
are a critic then please you will
not be able to do stand up comedy for long because of this
Everyone is very sad, I don't have thick
skin, so I thought I would come here and try it, it would
be very humiliating for the next three years,
I mean it is a waste, hey, it doesn't work like this for everyone, it
works for everyone, I will do it,
well I will go and
type.  what to see so tomorrow or
top thi comics or open for time what
is it an and upman what are you doing
[praise]
nothing y don nothing
only wud y like to open my show I would let's
go all out in every show opening  The
time has come for me too I
will do it in a minute
for you any any tips you like a lot of women get
a lot of hate for doing stand up if
you can tell them I mean last month
only I got like a lot of lease  Like some guy had come
to my open mic and then he cried
like some 100 times so I called my mom
crying and she is like he also
says very bad things to Virat Kohli I was like yes
He is getting 300 crores and here I am getting
abused for free, I will give it back, if
negative comments come then never engage,
do not go and justify him because
then that whole series will be made and he will spoil your mind a lot, did
you ever do this that is why I  I am
leaving my comment,
I have two accounts, one is fake also
which used to make me laugh, I used to go to him and
laugh, yes mother's [ __ ], I used to do all this
brother, I have not grown old like this, I have seen the world,
time stop with you then I will  I will
meet you after 10 years brother, and not in Haridwar, I will
meet you right here, it's been 10 years here, at least
grow a bit friend, after 10 years
this growth is for the young people, we have
crossed the phase, now constant and that is enough,
very right.  Once again loud clap for Sharan Verma
friend I give it to Sharan Verma keep it with
you it with I give you 10 on 10 Sharan you are
really
lovely Vipul Bhai nine given will ji 8.5
8.5 10 on 10 Harva
from  Nine from Balraj T max r average
9.5
no yaar no problem read you know what 9000
pop can you do let's give them
pun thank you so much
yes and 21 of September for real for real ok
thank you so
much next we have P Santosh
Patra once again clap for Santosh
[praise]
brother brother, is this what you have come to do now? Is this
your act? I have a girlfriend, I went to her house and
told her parents that I
like the girl, they asked
what can you do for the girl?  it's locked
[applause]
his phone is hacking him
[laughter]
dude wait a minute you need a mic stand so that you can take the
mic stand
his parents said his
parents said what can you do for your son  You
can, I said I
won't let even a single drop of his blood fall on the ground.
Somehow my marriage got fixed, I will
trust everyone but
I have a friendship of 20 years, 22 years, 21 years and 2
months, beyond that  I will never trust you for
two months, that's why I added
that
because brother you look here and say it's okay,
look here, you will look on your phone or look here, this is
our neighbor who lives here, their
enmity is of 10 years, okay, this is such a bitter
enmity  Do
you have a stomach ache? If you
cannot speak Hindi then
speak in Oriya. Which language do
you want to speak in. Whatever stand up you want to do,
in which language do I give it to you? Let me
do something else, what will
you do? You are multi talented.  Second set,
take off the shirt,
take off the shirt, do whatever you want to do brother,
after doing this, take off your pants also,
you start, yes
do it, Ramdev Baba in person, Baba
Ramdev, we have found Baba Ramdev's son, oh
brother brother
brother brother brother
brother body  I am a ghost, just brother, will you
make lassi,
brother, first please wear the t-shirt,
showing inside, hey, he is shaking, shaking,
right, what's the matter, friend Santosh Bhai,
why didn't you show this earlier,
you keep the trump card hidden, well
written, well done.  I am fine but I am unable to speak,
this is the first time, I have never been there
Isn't it so Santosh my brother where did
you learn this this thing happens like this when did
you find out that you can do this, you can do this, I
can do it yes while jogging I
realized like this it is happening to me
everything is shaking by doing like this  My, you were running,
yes I was running and while running your stomach,
yes it shook, I shook it completely, you turned it
upside down, it
satisfies from bottom to top, there is
also a reverse reverser,
low tie, high tight, showing everything,
I am the maker of this, when I did this.
I felt from the bag that his bag is doing Anulom Vilom,
friend, so my brother it is written here, your mother
calls you Santoshi, Santoshi after marriage,
after the marriage of my parents, I was not born for 20 years,
no one becomes anyone
after so much hard work  After being born you are doing all this,
after 20 years all this is being seen, I
also work, that's why I came here,
Santosh Bhai, yes you are saying that for 20 years
your parents did not have a child
and then this  It was 15:15 so what was the reaction of the
parents, I did
not see their reaction, I did not see their reaction, no reaction  Look,
I do
n't know how I am going to remember
where you were for so many years friend, I
was in the village for so many years
[praise] it's
been two years now, kill kill brother, it
is written here it sounds like my goat,
yes yes yes yes I
I can talk in different voices Come on for a minute,
show me something different Yes, you do it I
[praise] The
expression that brother has given
was so authentic, brother, I felt like making biryani
Who all live in Orissa, your mom and
dad  I am no one else, well after you the rest of the
people who are there four
crore people in Orissa, they are
talking right, they are talking right,
here you have written what does Sans two Son Goku
mean, I got to know about it for 150  Bring it
[praise]
what a thing, I don't see anything, I
mean my friend took it and bought it, let me see which one
is cheaper, take it for 150, I have to take it off,
no brother, here you have written that I
can talk in different voices  meaning meaning
and how and in which voices  We
can talk to those who are dumb
[praise]
brother, brother, are you taking our auditions
since then? No sir, please give us points,
friend, I had not done anything for a few years,
so I got a chance only once.
How does a dumb man talk, please show me once,
friend, the dumb man is talking in Odia, it
doesn't feel like that in Hindi.
Brother, you will say,
ask me in which language should I speak, I will say,
how did you come to be like a dumb man
[laughs]
[  [Sariya]
well a dumb person is one who can't speak
Hindi but he is a little dumb he speaks in Hindi
not Hindi but Hindi dumb
what else can you two say recognize me well you are
talking like deaf people basically I do
n't know yes or right  Like stuttering, alone,
like stuttering, I don't know whether he speaks like a dumb person or
stutters, well how does he speak, so
from where did you learn to speak like stuttering,
similarly sir, I have a brother, while talking to him, for
a second he becomes normal.  There is a man
in your village, your brother is a stammerer,
not a brother  Padha means he lives next door then
why are you talking to him like this, then
that poor guy said hello to
him also, sir he must have been frustrated too,
brother, how do you talk to a lame person
[praise]
walk like a lame person  It will be done, it will be done, let it be done
or go friend, what is left now,
O
brother LS is not equal to
RHS, sometimes the ladder of success is
climbed with one leg, but both are fine, in such a situation
you don't feel that you cannot talk to them, you  I am
teasing them, they think that
sir, you like comedy intentionally, I do it intentionally in
front of him, oh but does he
like it or not, the question is that, by doing this I
pass the road, if I pass the road in traffic then no
one would have  He even gives alms,
no these are like your friends, they know
that you are making fun of them and they laugh
with you, that they are laughing, how does he
laugh, he is
not dumb, he does not laugh, he talks to me like this
only  He cannot laugh, he
cannot laugh even properly and that is why I don't want to talk to him
He keeps crying, who has seen him crying at home, he does
not cry, brother you know
that one day what answer will you give to god, you will
answer to god sir, I was born by worshipping Santoshi Mata
[praise],
Jai Santoshi
Maa  He is a very good guy, friend,
ask the dumb, do
n't you ever think that when this video
comes out, if any good man sees you, he will
beat you, but you know, I will
run in front of him,
Gold, Gold, any other Gold after Vishwa Kalyan Rath from Orissa
Santosh Bhai has come out, how are you friend, you are good, this
show is full of
no political political correctness,
this show is made for you, thank
you before leaving friend, because now I feel
that people will feel very bad seeing all this
So you would like to say something
in your defense, our appeased people, are you
thinking wrong, let them think, now I will have to make
people laugh, that's all, you do
n't really mean this, you just do it
jokingly for the first time with such friends.
Otherwise I am just joking
with my friends  I am doing it, but you will have to
disable the comments.
Let's add once for Santosh Bhai,
friend. Come
on, it's
time to score. Let's start
with Balraj Bhai, this time
10 on 10 10 on 10 Sonali ji 10 on 10
from
Sonali fam
Nishan e do  Why did you cut the marks, first of all you were
judging the stand up, whatever you did would be
unfair for the other contestants, if you have
done a lot then it's okay friend, so I have given it to you, so the
max is average,
oh
friend, oh friend, it might be fun  hee aa 8.5
arey friend you had given this to stand up you had
not trained yourself but were cut for stand up
1.5 all this will
happen you know what [ __ ] it bhaiya because you are
so entertaining you are so funny everyone loved
you so I am going to give  You 9 * 9000 Pop
Coins
brother what is that Popcan what is that
explain you can see this here
here its pop install it has a pop so
in this  You will get pop coins, you
can use them to buy clothes, beauty
products, you can buy a lot of things,
you don't have to pay any money, right? Yes, you don't have to pay any money, I will do it, it will be done, you are
asking the right question, not the right
thing.  yes it is true you will get it for free with
that you buy a good bowl and
earn one more then your wheel chair will not come
in it it is ok to take a bowl of taver tupper ware
thank you so much for joining my brother make
some nose for Sharvari Bandodkar
so so ya hi I  I am Sharvari, so usually I am a
full time corporate worker, I have just come from the office
and today early in the morning the prisoner in the office
messed me up, so she is a very rich
kid, okay so she lives near the office, so
she comes by auto every day  So today she was crying that
I had to take my dad's car to office because I did
not have time for an auto, I
told her mother that I have
come sitting on the lap of the person sitting on the fourth seat in the train and you
are an inconvenient for her.  So  I said like
the [ __ ] and sh*t rich like very rich she does
n't even need to work like she just has the tag of self-made so
she's working
so I said if I try to do the self-made
I'll work from my home
I will go out and become a self-identity
and my week will be spent just in washing my underwear.
These rich kids bend down and
look like Calvin Klein. If I bend down, all I can see is empty holes. It's so bizarre
and so the other day I was travelling by the
metro. So one  A gentleman came to me and he
said can you help me with the time so
I had just left the office around now and I looked at the watch and it was showing
1400 hours, I
said life has already [ __ ] me and now the watch is also [ __ ]
me  I was like nonsense absolutely
none of this
time so Sarwar ji no problem it was a
bad day
yes so this is your first time yes that
explains so thank you thank you  Thank you
this is your first time ever no I perform
once before so this is like the second
time you perform the same set before oh okay either
whatever you did last time,
how did it go, it went better, it went better
Of course it is written here that you understand
palm history, so you can also read the palm,
yes, it will cost money, I will give it to you, I will
do POP UPI for you, branding
[praise]
you should try to improve, tell me
when will the downfall of time start, give me the date, you are
jealous of me  Hey
people, teach them the
method too. I think marriage and wedding something looks like
a prospect because I think you have a
lot of passion because
Sharvari ji, what else can you read in my hand
and what else will you see in my hand. Next
time I will have some good jokes for you.  I will write it down,
ok, ok, then you can read it.
What else can you look into apart from marriage,
yes, let's get
started.
Balraj stays outside the house, he has a very
nice family at home, he has lovely kids,
friend.  Don't say it like this friend, I say that you are
bisexual, after listening to your set both men
and women feel [ __ ] right now,
okay so you are really bisexual
friend, after listening to this set,
bisexual people come out at their homes and
say that  If I have heard its material and
tolerated it then what is the father's belt
then you are not feeling bad, right friend, no
no no Sharvari ji your
H H
H then why don't you take this advice [praise] in stand up,
hey it's her first time, make some  No,
od, I am feeling very bad doing it like this, good
time friend, if a comedian is
not fumbling on stage for the first time, then it is a great
open task, either one you confess to your parents
or one you came out to your parents.
Very brave step, so how wow, how did they
react, ok, now you will create two accounts on marriage,
even if Indian parents will get you married,
you first showed them your stand up or
something and then said that I
am bisexual, no no  So
then he thought that son, bisexual will
work, this will not work, don't do that, son, if you ever
do that, then how will we show our face in society,
brother, whoever you want to [ __ ],
just leave this,
son, what are you, you like more men and
voman voman more  o that makes the two of
us I also don't like men okay I don't know about
this world yaar so I will sound
like a totally dumb guy in general also I sound
but Sharvari ji when you go to the airport like this
and that girl frisks you no
no no
no no no no creep is no fun I'm not a creep
so how do you feel at that time just black
sir when that main male
chuck but I'm not attracted I'm
straight if I were gay I would have
stood up I would have
So I keep metal inside the zip,
what is this, what is this
[applause]
yes I was right, this doesn't happen to you girls,
go ahead and tell me, I'm not a creep,
you're not a creep, you're just bye, okay  ok
that's what I didn't know about all this
so if you want to give some message because there are many
people who are bisexual but they are afraid
of coming out then if you can
give them some message it's not a big deal it's
just  normal let's normalize it let's go
koi koi messages for upcoming comedians
don't try to come on yaar not like that yaar don't worry about you said
thatchi dating right now sorry are you dating someone
no she has a crush on her colleague who
is getting married Ellie Posh  went to the workshop
you're never posh I know my
psychiatrist told me that posh
doesn't seem to be for the same sex
o I have a loop a loop a loopy creepy very
creepy this is pretty creepy you know this
right I know this but I have a loop  It is better than hole
friend, once again big applause for Sharvari ji,
thank you, thank you, no not
now  rest of the ok so now time to score her I have
given you a six Sharvari ji seven seven
10 10 on 10 Sonali six from
Sonali a Balraj Ghai five five so that
makes your average
seven no nahi dikhaana hai wo sh
comman
tearve
[praise]
no thank you so
much keep it don't
stop make some no for saver Shri saver Shri
Barwa jadak kar when the rain is free from you it
feels good everyone
whenever you move your lips slowly you decorate the conversation it
feels good
what is this sorrow  Your relationship is with the flute of the sky,
with the conversation of the wind, with the sunlight,
Rio women, do as you wish, fill your hearts with joy, women,
do as you wish, be generous and
destroy the rivers, do as you wish,
make
rivers, squeeze the bud, squeeze the bud,
rub the pot  bud in the pot bud is found in the bud mat bud is
found in the pot bud matkali is found in the pot
[Music]
mali ghar tera saal night time
shr inside set
play cups
p ho jaye ma un de I can use drinking
cups an instrument and sing vi kya
baat hai ya ho lent bhai
you miss me na am gan you miss me back ya miss me
Ba ma wak ya miss me n am
gan n am
gan ya miss me n am
gan what's the matter
so Stanis you wrote I've written a
song for time or but I forgot like it was way
back well what was it about
you are coming to assam so i am from
assam ok and you cancelled the show because of
floods i think it was a correct
decision or so i wrote a song with it
back in covid time so i fugo what was it about like ilaak
it's like  You are coming to
Assam, I wrote it something with my ukulele and
I wish to perform it in front of you but then I am
so sweet about this, what will we say
brother, let's go to the bar, the show is nothing, very good
that
you ended  It is written here that you perceive the
alphabet as the person giving character to
them or so i have ordinal linguistics
anissia what does that mean for me the
alphabets i give personality and
perceive emotions like this for me kyun i am
like sherlock holmes with a cigar  And he's
very grumpy and old this talent has a
name like ol as it's like or or a
diagnosis with it ok so what do
you get from A I think B is A's
younger brother where do
you score from brother Assam  the palace is very strong, you
should have gone brother I have gone to Gwaji
Rocks have you met other people with O Ls or
like back in school I have few of my
friends who had the same problem so we
find it very difficult with alphabets and
one of ours  Sensory triggers other sensors
like if we hear music then
I will think of some sort of colour
And the same thing happens to me as well, ha ha, when
you sang the song, the same thing came to my mind,
For have you met
[praise]
Santosh you will know the letter P, he too has many
diseases,
he mirrors exactly like this,
he also says to the person he sees  I went and when I look at F,
I see Fuf ji in it, you have a weird laugh,
right, what a crazy laugh he did, friend, it was very, very
crazy,
no, laugh openly, friend, no stress, has
anyone told you that you have a weird laugh, yes, they
say it like this
When I opened the door, something went wrong with the drum. Hey, I understand that
our house has
doors and latches too, so happy to
laugh. You even ring the doorbell in anger.
Yes, how did you like the movie Tare Zameen Par? You
related a little bit to it.  Or
actually I told papa and then
papa nothing
happens [laughs] you want to make your mom proud no
matter what you do
so now I'm your mom proud right now I don't know
you don't talk to her I do but she  Do
n't express it like this, yes son you are doing very well,
they don't say this, ba ha
why like that you know brown parents right
brown
parents brown parents what is the kind of
work you want to be recognised for by mom
I'm still figuring out okay I  Wanted to
become a DOP I want to become a DOP but then
I am very confused now I am into
editing I love editing or just trying
to figure it out ab koi date de editing
ki de date jo tere 3000 seater ka PTS
video edit hoga de  Here
I will give you my 200 seater video,
what does 200 mean in your mind,
200 means Jeetu's child, I am a female
like a duck, a watch is being followed by a duck, yes
Balraj Bhai also
[praise  ]
this is life diagnostics guy you gut it or
gut it it is written here that you are
scared of appendix surgery yes
You have appendicitis, didn't you get it, a little bit of that,
I'm very sure, why did you
write appendix only, I stay constipated after every surgery,
either I sit gut
was real, I'm sure you know, I just love jokes, are
you not feeling bad, oh no, okay
Hey, you will feel bad when I give you the score, Balraj
paaji is feeling bad
so what happens to you hearing three
[laughs] do you feel
anything or you feel sad hearing three
so don't worry, I have only given two,
you have come from Assam just  to do this
or no I rot it in Assam so that they are like she is
from Assam she lives here yes since how many
years have you been based in Mumbai for two
years okay where do you live in Banaras
Malad so who do you live with  hain mala my
roommate your roommate she is cool hi oh wow
nisre sare nisre
sare toh save shri ji you are livin in this
no good i just a male roommates
flat mate not
Ruto what made you want to come on this
platform and sing hey all this da gossip
brother pal tell me save shri
your parents know you live with male
what all sing da sing this listen
to me then let me know only  My sister knows oh aunt you
scared that this might go online and they might
find out I mean my my mom don't watch so
or not those relatives
will show it your mom must be watching Vipul gar
but it's okay it's okay right how did
you find this mail  flatmate let's go
sonali
g gossip time i understood what you want to
know so i walked into the film and through that i knew you
got in touch and then he was
looking for it and aa wa so look try to
find some place to go there i went to malad  mala ya
and you found a
home this is what bamba
offers home away from home in malad like my
parents are very  strict friend you know
brown pet
so my dad would not allow a woman to
stay with me so your dad
doesn't have any issue my dad don I mean he has
dementia so dementia oh so you
can tell him everyday
he has no  No stress brother,
your audience is perfect,
baba, they don't feel bad, hey, I have told them 100 times,
they don't have any stress,
they have dementia, shut man, how is that
pretty bad or pretty
bad man, so it has become seriously real,
friend, it has become real for me long ago  It
was you who is pulling me after the lust, I had
backed off after the dew, it is not my son's,
you are being dragged, you have to
take out the entire episode, [ __ ] you are
getting in and you have to
take out an episode on it  If you
take out yours and the episode is something else then yes then papa
's I ca
n't go now sweet or she wants to make
me mom proud also mom also handling this l
the jokes like a star Vipul Goyal
going non stop unly very right very  Right
so it's time to score you yaar I gave you
eight I also gave you eight I gave you full
pregnant
eight from Sonali and nine nine that makes
yo average
[Appreciation]
88.5 kya baat hai
bro let's go
bros crazy congratulations
[Praise]
you win lakh
r yes yes yes yes yes yes hey
hey bro hey friend sona is crying
console
friend you one only sold me I got 10 what do you need
can you also take the
mic mo
[Praise]
sisters I am only about the episode  I am thinking na
brother, I will put it here, look
in bro are you fine let's go make some
Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Save Shri
what does the number na lakh look in your mind to
you right now success
[Appreciation]
All thanks to Pob  upi il send you ₹1
lakh through pob upi so download pob
upi it will be in your account and you
can  Spend it on anything it will be in
your account what will you do ₹ lakh we
will figure it out we will invest
let's go may be you can finally move out of
Malad thank you so much for coming bro all the
best very nice g thank you  You are so
much tired
brother, I have given
you so much thanks friend, what a thing it is,
from India got late it became India got talent,
brother, someone cried for the first time,
brother, it is a complete full circle
and one last toy  car sound rap car
sound rap i thank it pra crazy so we need
it full energy b of night make some noise then ansh
das so many car lovers would be sitting
in the audience rat bad competition everyone knows it right
not start half way aaye or  what are you
saying every buddy no please restart the
timer ga
kya baat hai
bhaiya it's time for fly
[Music]
bye bhaiya bhaiya bhaiya
nice this is for the ve fans yes let's go let
's
[appreciation]
Go so some bro do you have any favorite
sports car or something have a
drink first
[music]
[applause]
Wagoner I can do a teat I have to test ya bro I
can do that
[laughter]
[music]
what a thing  hey bhaiya I have one request can
you say the name of lock for apple can you say
suzuki s how the bike would go what is the
request
yes ya no yes bike how the bike
goes you say the name like that
[praise]
bhaiya which one do you have  There is a car nothing, it
is just a scooter, and so why did you learn
all this brother, yes it comes to me since childhood,
like how did you get into this, I
was just sitting in the bathroom, while
coming out, no no, mouth
Since you are doing all this in the bathroom, now
many people sing songs in the bathroom, I do this, I am
not making any sound, all this
was my hobby, I am fond of cars since childhood, so lie by the way,
you are catching your mic and you are
making the  sounds are you also a beat
boxer  yes o if you wanna do some free style
like what ever beat boxing man if anyone
any one can sing for me I can give
music to it seva save shri aa y i r save
shri let's go se shri lakh leke nikal
gayi by the way if  He wins, you have to split
the money with
him, so don't do too much good, the same
song which
you sang last time, you miss the money when it's
time, this time Ron will come again, any suggestion,
this time the real one will come brother, any suggestion
suggestions [ __ ]  It's up ansh by any chance have you seen her
perform today no okay great great the
cart driver has come to take out the garbage from the house the cart
driver has come to take out the garbage from the house we will party
all night we will party all night there will be a
rain of liquor liquor liquor liquor liquor liquor liquor
liquor  Daru dance
daru what's the matter brother you want to take the whole one lakh, are
you someone so good when your
turn came what all did you sing you miss me
aam daru daru daru daru daru daru daru
daru Ansh  ki performance gand maru
[praise]
tears tears disappeared so quickly abhi full
victory d ansh will
cry but thank you so much for joining yaar
thank you so
much your one lakh rupees is safe if you don't
win then brother what do you do Jharkhand  By the
way, I am a professional Vat player, I am a
professional Valorant player,
wow Graze friend, you see,
times have changed brother, yes
wow, I did not get anything, they just said wow and
went away, they don't know what Lorentz is, but at
first I thought it was a musical
instrument  Any friend and I
was going to ask that I was asking that he
played the same character in Titanic so do you still
live in Ranchi or you don't
live in Bombay I live in Ranchi I have come from Ranchi
how did you come to do this from Ranchi
What did you tell me when you came from Jharkhand?
My father has come to my house. Perhaps he is not sitting here.
Where is Aas? Where is his father? Is he here or is he here
sir? If you want to come, if you want to come,
you can join us. What's the matter?  yes
brother what is the name of ansh bhaiya sir  Oh brother,
my
audience, I have only come here to support you,
just keep this support till the old people because
uncle, even we are not supporting him, so
uncle, why don't you get him a car,
you people are sitting there to get him a car
Here, hey, I am not myself, you
guys got it, today's one is
gone, it's okay, the way is open for the next one,
yes, it is possible that if he wins, you will get Rs. 1000,
you will get a car in it,
I would also invest in stock market
hmm oh she will not come again
brother then it is not difficult or but uncle ji
really I mean you were so supportive that you gave her
this and you also came along with her basically it is like
I saw her curiosity she
was talking about you again and again nice  So
I said what changes have come in today's time, let
me also go and see that brother,
I was somewhere else, I took a flight and
said let's go let's see it, I had come to
see the chances, here also I actually met Vipul Goyal
Sir, I have come to see
how much truth he is speaking, what is happening
in life and what all he has told you about time
And then today
you saw it completely and what was your
opinion, you should rate the time once,
no, I would basically say that things
are changing and I would also say that I was
remembering those times.  What I used to do at that time
and today when I see it, I would
like to say the same thing that things are changing,
but positively or negatively, whether
you are diplomatic, it is your thinking, while I am
sitting here right now I was taking
you positively  You know, he does all this in the bathroom, I
know about the car, he is doing it in the house, I
know, and our nature is such that we
promote everything that is required as per the present times,
I would
stop the kids from doing that.  I am not because it is possible that
some skill emerges in him and
then he reaches great heights.
Sir, my heart is filled with joy to receive so much support from you. I am really grateful to you. I have a greater chance, but
sir, have
you ever checked the search history of this laptop?  If
you will not be able to support, you will
not get anything, really you will not
get anything, you do not get anything, you do get anything,
this is the thing  It is not available, it is available in that too and
you feel that things are changing,
this is said perfectly everywhere,
you can say that your friends are my
colleagues, they are years younger than me, they are
my younger brothers,
so what do you feel about it  You are happy, I am
seeing your happiness through my son, so I am
happy, but I would like to see more than this,
that we will feel real happiness,
yes, it is very good, right now I am saying from this stage
that he is also preparing for the
set.  that the
set is preparing for it so the skills should keep
developing parallelly and if that
is education then it will have to be given in that too, I
think both will be good, so
whenever you feel angry,
leave your studies and raise your voice.  Well, it is not true, actually he is
not spending
much time on this,
so there is no need to get angry, now
if he is awake the whole night, then
if I get up at 4 am and check, then I see it
that he is studying then his anger calms down
that if he had got angry then you would have been a
parent then if something like this has ever happened
in the bathroom  His mother's role is more that
he keeps on saying what does he keep doing
but sir did it ever happen that there was some silence in the bathroom and
you got suspicious
whether the car has gone for servicing
[praise]
oh I am two friends  Sir, see whom you had
come to support, see Sir, Sir I am asking a good thing,
as a father Sir, as a father to
father, are we talking?
No, I said that I take everything positively,
so I am taking your words.
Because when it calms down in practice,
then it feels like it is
coming out, do you feel like
taking off your belt and hitting me,
why would you feel like doing this, I am asking you,
no no, I had told you first  As soon as I came I
appreciated that brother the age you are coming to,
[Praise]
thank you, thank you
how are you feeling brother, I heard the word old from my colleague also, the one who
called Vipul Goyal old
was
papa and
uncle calls you papa  should have come to support
I have been the winner of many things in my time too, a
lot  He is performing,
Badar ji, so sorry, I did not know your name, Sir,
please, my name is Amulya Kumar
Das, Amulya, yes, Amulya ji, Sir, you have other
children too, there is a daughter, well, I hope she is
studying, she is definitely
studying.  Who do you like more? The
daughter is
not the daughter of the father. I am the father, so is his daughter.
Sir, small people will not be able to understand this. No
problem, after 10 years one will have to understand
[praise].
Very right friend, you are genuinely from so far.  Have
you come, have you seen this show before?
No, no, when he told me about it, I
quickly started it and started watching, what is
India's Got Talent, I had heard a lot about it,
what is this latent, which
episode have you seen, not yours, I am watching all the slots.
What do the judges do, what do they say, they
said daddy you should not go, he abuses a lot,
then again I came into the mental setup that
let's abuse, it's no problem,
this must have become the trend in recent times, let's see
what happens  Things have changed, I have reached,
things have changed, I have come to see Mumbai
So I felt that yes,
bhaiya, abuses are being done very openly,
if you have come even after watching this show, then
bhaiya, then you really support,
unfortunately, I had first
shown you that episode, likhho
98, so your mother has not come  No, he is
in Ranchi only, okay that's correct, so Sir, how did
you like it, you came today, saw the show, what feedback would
you give, which judge did you like the best on this show,
see which things, no, which judge did you
like the best, let's finish the discussion today, hey  Definitely
I have told you beforehand,
old is gold, it is, old is
gold,
bokar
arts arthritis arthritis
arthritis, did
you have any pain, no, I get pain in my left side
sometimes, sir ji please be careful, my four sides  The
old man made a joke on me and
went to the old man what is the use of coming down
to things turning out in the wrong way
very good sir your performance review
was very important for Vipul ji you
made my night sir thank you thank you sir he has
written it sir  sorry if you can sit comfortably
take a chair i will tell you  I run very fast,
oh look
I am a Kashmiri, do not challenge me in this,
I also know this, I have read your biodata
history, that is why whatever I am
saying, I am saying it on the stage,
okay, so he has written that  He and
his
girlfriend are his girlfriends, yes, yes, keep on
saying it, if there are many
objections, what is bad in today's times, you know,
uncle is changing things, then his
girlfriend and he together
judge the aunties, now the aunties
do the judging work, by the way  There
is a situation behind this, I want to tell
you the whole thing, I will ask you, but have
you ever met
his girlfriend? I know everything about his girlfriend,
but today this
secret is being revealed here that I know but he does
n't know it yet.  I used to say that I know
[praise] the
labourer to dig and the father
to be invaluable, sir I am two years younger than you, we are
friends, uncle sir how did you come to know
that he has a girlfriend, when he was in class eight,
he was talking to someone on the phone at 12 in the night
was doing this and making some different sound. At that
time there was no one to hear the sound.  The ceremony had not started yet, we were
just talking, then when I
heard the ring that something was going on, I came out
of my room to see who were you talking to and then I came to
know that you were talking to your friend,
first time in class A.  Mela
but that was over, later he took his
mother with great confidence
and his mother also likes it and his mother
tells me everything
but I said that whatever you have told me is
fine but do not tell this that  I
know everything,
so it is a healthy relationship, sometimes I say
that if he achieves his goal,
then we have no objection, let's go,
brother, clear ST, we will
arrange for your placement, it will be
done for you.  Neither are you studying nor am I doing it, I am
doing it and doing it well, you are right
brother, the real one, you are the one who is winning today
in the show, you have won in life brother, yes
he is crazy friend, you sir genuinely friend
once  Loud applause friend, thank you, thank you
my dear, thank you very much, thank you, thank you so much  Yaar
what a thing bro because of which I am giving you nine
marks I am that person he was papa
papa I am giving 10 points for uncle
I also gave it to uncle 10 Sonali 10 10
from Sonali all comes down to Balraj so
I gave  Isn't it
Nana that makes you average na
f From next time everyone will bring Papa for the
show How
much [ __ ] friend Papa
made me lose Papa doesn't want you to take him seriously
This career Papa killed too much
Thank you so much then
[Prashansa  ]
it's a great show what a great show like
uncle killed it uncle just destroyed it
bro whole night before leaving a very
special announcement on our
youtube0 a month you can at least give
me this much maybe if not you can at least give me ₹ for the
month brother  Come on yaar yaar let's do
it go ahead and become a member right away and
I will see you in the next one
b